EnglishPod is a convenient way to learn English that combines audio lessons, web & mobile study tools and integrated, live speaking practice with teachers. Founded in Shanghai, China in October 2009, EnglishPod is the leader in using mobile tools to deliver English-language training. Our mission is simple: to make language learning easier for adult students by taking advantage of modern pedagogical principles and the latest web and mobile technologies.

# Effectiveness
At EnglishPod we place a lot of emphasis on teaching everyday, spoken English. We combine pedagogical elements from teaching English as a foreign language with a communicative approach to create lessons that are exciting, relevant, and appropriate for learners at many different levels. Our method seeks to empower learners by providing an environment in which they are constantly building upon their English skills through comprehension, repetition and practice. We believe that there are many benefits to our approach; in addition to being convenient, it’s also fun and highly effective!
# Convenience
With competing time demands from work, family and friends, adults need a more flexible option that adapts to their language learning needs, rather than the other way around. The structure of traditional language learning is very much constrained by the economics of schools (who have limited classroom space and teacher availability) and publishers (who only can only publish new editions of textbooks every few years). Web and mobile technologies remove a lot of these constraints and make it possible to deliver a flexible learning experience into the context of a learner's lifestyle. Hence our company's tagline of "Learning on Your Terms®".
